# ForensicsChallenge2023 Team6

# Challenge №1
**Use computer vision to isolate each person in a video for 3D recreation or identifying
suspects in crime scenes.**

To solve this task we used several models such as: YOLOv8, Amazon Rekognition, Open-CV. As a result, we saw that the YOLOv8 model is best suited for this task, since it shows the most accurate results and is the fastest at the same time.

Work expample:

**YOLOv8**

https://github.com/zepif/ForensicsChallenge2023_team6/assets/95505468/024d4214-79d8-4b6a-8fad-232b34d30843

**Amazon Rekognition**

https://github.com/zepif/ForensicsChallenge2023_team6/assets/95505468/793d8d04-f133-4c44-b748-8790341d4822

**Open-CV**

https://github.com/zepif/ForensicsChallenge2023_team6/assets/95505468/eb8fa8d6-4231-4811-95f3-72dde50224e1


Also, we made a 3d model of object from Vastervik dataset using Meshroom.

This model: ...


# Challenge №2
**Use computer vision to identify relevant objects or patterns in a photo or video for
criminal investigation.**

For this task we tried to train YOLOv8 model, but due to computer power and AWS SageMaker problems its doesnt show sufficient result. Thus we decided to use pre-trained YOLO model. This model was trained on the same dataset.

Work expample:

https://github.com/zepif/ForensicsChallenge2023_team6/assets/95505468/22d0ee8b-1029-4468-96ad-c7a8bd6c6cc7

# Challenge №3
**Use natural language processing to generate a detailed description of a crime scene
for public understanding and potential crime-solving.**

For this task we used ChatGPT. We created a special promt, which allows to generate a description of the crime on the prococol.

Work expample and promt can be found here: ...

# Challenge №4
**Use large language models to generate visualizations or text descriptions of a crime
scene or investigation.**

For this task we used ChatGPT and DeepAI(?). We created a special promt, which allows to find the most important things in prococol. After, we generate images using DeepAI and text generated by ChatGPT.

Work expample: ...(пример работы ChatGPT с промтом); вставишь картинки

